Codemod to convert eager logging to lazy logging (#227)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_lazy-logging.md

This codemod converts "eager" logging into "lazy" logging, which is preferred for performance efficiency and resource optimization.

> Lazy logging defers the actual construction and formatting of log messages until it's confirmed that the message will be logged based on the current log level, thereby avoiding unnecessary computation and memory usage for messages that will be ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lazy logging defers the actual construction and formatting of log messages until it's confirmed that the message will be logged based on the current log level, thereby avoiding unnecessary computation for messages that will not be logged. 
```

You're not wrong about memory usage, just tightening it up a bit.
